Restructuring the "Welcome" page for docs (#100)
spokestack/spokestack-website: content/docs/welcome.md

---
title: Getting Started with Spokestack
navId: Welcome
description: Spokestack documentation for mobile and web voice interface development
draft: false
---

## Choose your integration:

> As a tools and service provider, we try to balance ease of integration with customization for your voice interface needs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a tools and services provider, we try to balance ease of integration with customization for your voice interface needs.
```

> 1. **Custom Integration**: A custom integration gives the app developer full control of voice integration. For examples, check out the Spokestack Studio app on [iOS](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/spokestack-studio/id1508393980). Android currently not available. We recommend only _advanced_ mobile developers pursue this path.

Reviewer: We don't have live Android sample apps, but we do have sample code on github.
```suggestion
1. **Custom Integration**: A custom integration gives the app developer full control of voice integration. For examples, check out the Spokestack Studio app on [iOS](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/spokestack-studio/id1508393980) or the control room sample app on [Android](https://github.com/spokestack/android-control-room).
```
I do need to update the Android sample app; I plan on doing that when the next version of the library is released (it's currently in PR review).

I wouldn't try to scare developers away from this path.

> 2. **Spokestack Tray**. Spokestack Tray is a library that provides a voice interface overlay on your mobile app. Spokestack Tray can still be customized to meet branding requirements, but follows a specific use pattern. See our demo "Bartender" app on [iOS](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/get-the-bartender/id1530425843) and [Android](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.spokestack.bartender) for examples of how Tray works with existing apps. In this case, a generic recipe app. This is the path we recommend for _intermediate_ to _advanced_ mobile developers. Want to see how you might customize Spokestack Tray for your app? We have a [Figma template] that can help you visualize Tray in your app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. **Spokestack Tray**. Spokestack Tray is a library that provides a voice interface overlay on your mobile app. Spokestack Tray can still be customized to meet branding requirements, but follows a specific use pattern. See our demo "Bartender" app on [iOS](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/get-the-bartender/id1530425843) and [Android](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.spokestack.bartender) for examples of how Tray works with existing apps—in this case, a generic recipe app. This is the path we recommend for _intermediate_ to _advanced_ mobile developers. Want to see how you might customize Spokestack Tray for your app? We have a [Figma template] that can help you visualize Tray in your app.
```

Looks like we need a link for that Figma template.

Author: Weird, missing the Figma Template link: https://www.figma.com/file/LvU9UXNPElCcJ3XYrFXFif/Spokestack-Tray

> Are you brand new to voice? Check out our [overview video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wbJ8fZh-iQw) as well as the [_Concepts_]sections of our docs. We also have a [voice design guide](/docs/Design/getting-started) to help you get started. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Are you brand new to voice? Check out our [overview video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wbJ8fZh-iQw) and _Concepts_ section of our docs. We also have a [voice design guide](/docs/Design/getting-started) to help you get started. 
```

We'd need a landing page for `Concepts` to link to it.

**Tutorials**

_Spokestack Tray_
- [React Native](/blog/integrating-spokestack-in-react-native)
- [iOS] _coming soon_
- [Android] _coming soon_

_Custom Integrations_
- [React Native](/blog/integrating-spokestack-in-react-native)

> - [Swift](/blog/porting-a-smart-speaker-voice-app-to-mobile-part-1)
> - [Java](/blog/porting-the-alexa-minecraft-skill-to-android-using-spokestack)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [iOs](/blog/porting-a-smart-speaker-voice-app-to-mobile-part-1)
- [Android](/blog/porting-the-alexa-minecraft-skill-to-android-using-spokestack)
```
might as well have these match the previous section

Be sure to check our blog for all [Spokestack Tutorials](/blog/tag/tutorial) as well as follow us on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/spokestack) for tips and tricks for adding custom voice interfaces to your mobile app.

> **Custom Integration? Start here...**

Reviewer: This should probably be merged with the `Custom Integration` section above instead of having that heading spread across two places like this.

---
title: Getting Started with Spokestack
navId: Welcome
description: Spokestack documentation for mobile and web voice interface development
draft: false
---

Spokestack is a powerful platform of open source libraries and robust services to make your app fully voice-enabled.

> If you're new to voice, check out our [overview video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wbJ8fZh-iQw) and [Concepts](/docs/Concepts/asr) section of our docs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're new to voice, check out our [overview video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wbJ8fZh-iQw) and the [Concepts](/docs/Concepts/asr) section of our docs.
```
I could whip up an `index.md` for this section fairly quickly if we want. ASR is the first piece of the puzzle, but going straight there from this welcome page seems like it'd be an abrupt experience.

Author: That's a good idea. I obviously wasn't sure where to point to there.

## Integrations

> As a tools and services provider, we try to balance ease of integration with customization for your voice interface needs. Here are the ways you can integrate Spokestack into your mobile app:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a tools and services provider, we try to balance ease of integration with customization for your voice interface needs. Here are the ways you can integrate Spokestack with your mobile app:
```

> 1. **Spokestack Tray**: Spokestack Tray is a library that provides a voice interface overlay designed to work in any mobile app. Spokestack Tray is opinionated and follows a specific use pattern, but can be customized to meet your own branding requirements. This path is suitable for _beginner_, intermediate, and _advanced_ mobile developers, but assumes some experience with the underlying platform (React Native, iOS, or Android). Check out our "Get the Bartender" app on [iOS](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/get-the-bartender/id1530425843) and [Android](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.spokestack.bartender) for examples of how Tray might work with an existing app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Spokestack Tray**: Spokestack Tray is a library that provides a voice interface overlay designed to work in any mobile app. Spokestack Tray is opinionated and follows a specific use pattern, but can be customized to meet your own branding requirements. This path is suitable for mobile developers of all experience levels, but it assumes some experience with the underlying platform (React Native, iOS, or Android). Check out our "Get the Bartender" app on [iOS](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/get-the-bartender/id1530425843) and [Android](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.spokestack.bartender) for examples of how Tray might work with an existing app.
```

Author: This was a great edit. Thank you.

> 1. **Custom Integration**: A custom integration gives the app developer full control over voice integration. This path is more suitable for _intermediate_ and _advanced_ mobile developers as it requires more in-depth knowledge of the speech pipeline and necessary services. Check out the Spokestack Studio app on [iOS](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/spokestack-studio/id1508393980) or the control room sample app on [Android](https://github.com/spokestack/android-control-room) for examples of all of our services and how they work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Custom Integration**: A custom integration gives the app developer full control over voice integration. This path is more suitable for _intermediate_ and _advanced_ mobile developers as it requires building familiarity with individual Spokestack subsystems. Check out the Spokestack Studio app on [iOS](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/spokestack-studio/id1508393980) or the control room sample app on [Android](https://github.com/spokestack/android-control-room) for examples of all of our services and how they work.
```
